HSEARCH-3906 Add prefix predicate (#4241)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_search-dsl-predicate.adoc

of targeted fields to analyze searched text by default,
but this can be <<search-dsl-predicate-common-overriding-analysis,overridden>>.

[[search-dsl-predicate-prefix]]
== `prefix`: match documents based on what a field starts with

> The `preifx` predicate matches documents for which a given field starts with a prefix matching the given string.

Reviewer: Typo.

Also "starts with a prefix matching the given string" just means "starts with a given string", no?

```suggestion
The `prefix` predicate matches documents for which a given field has a value starting with a given string.
```
